First, just want to make clear the following: This is NOT an official Cisco project, product or code.  This project is simply something I created for my own use that I thought others might find useful, and wanted to share in case that was true.  While I am a Cisco employee, this is in NO way official code, and there is no warranty or support from my employer.

This project is very much of a work in progress, but is an attempt to automate some of the steps required to install Cloudcenter in VMware.  Due to fact I frequently have to re-deploy Cloudcenter (generally because I break something), I wanted to automate some of the steps involved to make the process easier.

This powershell script should be put in the same directory as the six OVAs (obtainable from Cisco with proper entitlement).  This includes Cloudcenter Manager, Cloudcenter Orchestrator, Cloudcenter Log Collector, Cloudcenter AMQP and the Cloudcenter Postgre database server.  The script also looks for the Cisco created Centos 6 worker image.  

The script will automatically search the folder it is in to find the OVAs and import them into a Vsphere environment of your choice.  Prior to running the script, ensure that you have PowerCLI installed.  I have tested the script with PowerCLI 6.5 Update 1, but I imagine at least back through 6.0 will work.  You will also want to edit the script before you run it.  In particular, you should update the IP, Gateway and Root password variables.  You may also want to change the VM Names to better reflect the standard naming convention in your environment.  Just be aware that the script does use the same variable to set the hostname in the OS as the VM name, so this may limit the characters available to you (the virtual machines use Centos 6 or 7, depending upon the virtual machine).

Planned Future Enhancements:
I do plan on expanding this script to perform some of the actual configuration of Cloudcenter, to avoid some of the local wizard configuration on the virtual machines, but I am still exploring the possibilities here.  A future release will likely also convert the script to pull all of the variables from a CSV as the amount of variables and lines of code increase, but for now, I'm simply working on the logic.

Please feel free to reach out with any questions.  While this script is primarily to make my own life easier, and is written from that point of view, I hope that others will find it useful too.